You
Oh
Look JC on the bike was timed out by Risa. Oh timeout JC on the bike
JC on the bike
It's JC on the bike
It's JC on the bike. Yeah
Well, I'm wise enough to know when a chomp needs banning and I know just the one
Look at round. It's JC on the bike. Who says Vader didn't study music in college?
You
That is the great Z-Dog MD in the Vader mask Z-Dog
It's getting over 60 minutes next
It's going on French British Italian
Japanese television people everywhere are starting to listen to him it's embarrassing
Well
Well, we are back again here with another episode
Trying to dispel the faith in a novel virus. He knows it is a lie
And we're trying to stick to these three points and the biology that underpin them
That's the strategy we're trying to use at big old biologicals the 11th of December, 2023
Remember, this is the faith we are trying to dispel
And this is the show you are watching
We made it to a stream he says
Let me see if I can do this correctly sometimes I can
Thank you very much for joining me. This is Giga Ohm biological a high-resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist
I'm yelling more in the gym and my voice keeps going down. I don't know if I'm
Rupturing more tumors in my throat or if it's just a natural progression of the strengthening of my vocal cords renewed
But anyway, here we are. My name is Jonathan Cooey. I'm coming to you live from the back of my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
It is 10 o 2 p.m. Local time wherever you are. Thank you for joining me
Sorry for that abrupt sound change. We are still trying to solve the mystery of the
The novel coronavirus and who set us on this mystery. We're trying to figure out who really set us up
Who really laid down these these narratives and these mythologies about these sources of gain of function and
That this one was possibly a gain of function virus. Maybe a two-part
Bioweapon
Maybe even a three-part bioweapon a multi-stage bioweapon
Maybe a bioweapon that de attenuated and then needed to be augmented by a third bioweapon something like that
Who set us up for these narratives?
What's the difference between any of these books and why is it that?
There are so many of these books the exact same books
Told by people who've had shootouts with the FBI in their backyards in upper, Michigan
told by people who are suing other people and
Are being sued by other people
told by senators and
Sons of and and and nephews of presidents
Strange company here
All the same story
Ensure I put some biology in that Wuhan cover-up, but it's 450 pages of lab leak bioweapon
So where are we with dispelling this this narrative where are we with really coming to terms with this?
Are we really gonna make any more progress or is this just the end?
This is as far as we get now and everybody who has managed to get this far as you know
Couldn't get a tattoo or something and and pretend like we're all I
Don't know some kind of consolation prize and when we all go swimming at the local pool and see the
See the special symbol will all know that all you are one of those truth or guys how you know what happened, right? Yeah, cool
Building seven, you know
You just either get it or you don't then that's it. It's just gonna fade off into history. You're never gonna address it again
What would what would you bother bringing that up for anymore, right? That was that was so many years ago?
Why would you want to argue about that again?
That's how this ends
Is when people decide that the work ain't worth it anymore that the argument isn't worth it anymore and other people are being
Well encourage you not to stop
Because of course, that's how they want to govern us by this story
And so they've got to double down and triple down and they've got to pay everybody to keep doing it
So that we keep being lost on this on this road
Keep being lost on this road where we're we're arguing inevitably
Forever about the novel virus and what it did what we should have done
and
Talking about how you know, we need to take care of the stuff that's coming in the future
all of these people ladies and gentlemen all of these people have have
Actually shown us the border of this cave shown us the very borders of this
this consensus and
Never crossed it
About a worst-case scenario either now or in the future it could have happened now
But it definitely could happen in the future. It becomes more
Probable as we move into the future and these technologies become ever more available right now according to Robert Malone
They're accessible to someone with a bachelor's degree in biology in a garage
Soon they'll be accessible to your toddler in a kit
And so I really want to delve into this little
analogy that I've been working on for a while because I want to try and get people to really be able to explain exactly how this is done
But I want you to imagine you're in a car and you've been kidnapped by the people that are in the car with you
And you're trying to figure out if any of those people in the car have been kidnapped like you've been kidnapped or if all of them are against you or what's going on
And in the perfect scenario
Where you're being kidnapped by psychologically clever people
At least one of the people in the car
According to the bad scary movie script will actually be your friend pretend to be your friend even
let's say for example while the driver is really mean and
The person that's sitting in the passenger seat in the front seat is really mean the person that's sitting in the back seat
That pushed you into the car and then came around to the other side and got in
Might hand you a cigarette
Or maybe in this movie in your dreams they he gives you a candy bar or something to chill you out
It makes you feel at ease
whispers to you while the other two are talking mean to each other and
Tries to confuse you about who their allegiance is with
And then they could even argue and have a staged argument in front of you
And one of them could say now we can't we can't hurt him now. We should just let him out and
advocate for your your safety and
Then when they stop at a certain place and the two guys get out and walk out
Then you're gonna be more apt to say something to this guy in the backseat next to you like hey man
What's up with these guys man? What's going on?
And then when he asks you a question you tell him what you know
They get what they want they fooled you into believing that you can trust the person in the backseat and this this
Ruse can go on for for miles and miles
gas station after gas station
Until at some point they may have fooled you that actually the two people that aren't driving are good guys
Trying to take control of the situation from the bad guy and get you to join them
And before you know it you've completely accepted the situation as a
Kidnapping sort of kind of but you're gonna help these guys get rid of this guy
And they've completely manipulated you because all the while these three guys are all laughing because they're all in on it together
Just trying to fool you
Just trying to mess with you so that at the end
When you when you find out that actually no it's over for you
It hurts even more
It's even more confusing
And even better you didn't resist at all you just sat in the car and ate the food and
We're quiet because you thought these two were working with you are gonna protect you
And so you didn't resist
You didn't cry you didn't scream
They could leave you in the car and not worry about you running away
Because the whole time while you were in this
Kidnapping situation you didn't understand it
And I want you to imagine what this
Illusion of consensus does to you over the past three years you've been lured into believing that these people in the car with you are on your team
That they're helping you
They're giving them your your best interpretation of the situation is actually going to help everybody
If you just keep telling everybody in this signal chat what you know about
Immunology eventually it's going to get out because these guys have a farther reach than you do Jay
And that's how they did this
That's how they tricked me into thinking that this had to be a lab leak
That they were lying about that they covered up
And
It took me a long time to get where I am right now a long time and a lot of pain and a lot of a lot of
Of being lied to
And and having to figure out that people that you trust are lying to you and this isn't fun
Especially when they don't confess
Especially when they double down
And that's what I've experienced in this car ride
Liars that continue to lie liars that are willing to lie on top of lies
I'm frustrated I guess because I don't really
I
Don't really have a good plan for how to go forward other than to keep
Plugging away at the
At the brick wall that they've managed to assemble around us
The illusion of consensus about this novel virus that killed millions of people that we don't really need to look back and think about anymore
That we can kind of we want to put behind us
Nobody wants you at the funeral man because we don't want to talk about what might have happened because you know
We wouldn't want to know the truth. We wouldn't want any justice for our friend
We got here because all of these people were a combination of confused or lacking of courage
We
Got here because it was a very sophisticated operation a
very sophisticated operation of people pretending to antagonize one another pretending to
to fight and to
leave each other's signal groups and
Join other people's signal groups and invite you into a special signal group or
A special telegram group with all these really great doctors
Man, you should join this gab. This thing is great. Oh, we've got this discord group where we really solve everything
It's called error-free asylum
That's how this was done
That's how this was done in the foreground and in the background
You don't think that journalists are in those same kind of groups. You don't think that that people working in in in all sorts of
intelligence agencies all sorts of of
Private kinds of intelligence firms and this kind of thing. They're not all
Trying to read these social medias in just the same way
Getting sucked into the same
Sort of pseudo espionage cloak and dagger crap that ended up to be this Scooby-Doo
The only difference is that right now after three years of pushing back this hard
We're starting to bump into the very people that are responsible for it. Not like two layers in between
We aren't experiencing the Veritas part we actually get blocked by the people who are doing it
The people that were supposed to be the people behind the people that we're doing it
But we're now all the way to the only people who can hold the narrative right on camera all the time
and
Either understand it or are kept purposefully ignorant so that they can't make a mistake and stumble over it
And over the next you know a few weeks before the end of the year before
Before Christmas before New Year's
We're just gonna have to come to terms with this long list of lies including Ivermectin and I proxy chloroquine and how
Clever those lies were
We're just gonna have to come to terms with them and people aren't gonna like it
We're gonna have to come to terms with these these narratives that were laid down
And we're gonna have to identify the people that were involved in laying them down and then those people are gonna have to be
just outed as well as what they are and
Then they can say they're sorry
Or they can you know admit that they they made a mistake
And I'll show you how you do it
Just put it on your website
Where it says
gig ombiological.com and it says scooby
And it says this review was written with the intent of stopping
Transfection rollout you will notice the conspicuous absence of any discussion regarding the protocols that led to the massive
Iatrogenic casualty events that were used to define the crisis for the world
And then you can go down here and you can see this review that I was so proud of in
2021 because it's so succinctly described the biology that I thought was at play and
I've now come to understand RNA virology as almost exclusively a mythology
Coronavirus RNA virology in particular make no mistake. I was part of the illusion of consensus
That there was that was used to compel millions of healthy humans to submit to transfection
I was guilty of falling for the theater and pushing a mythology of
a novel circulating RNA coronavirus. I mean I did it on my bicycle, right?
The review I wrote then now
stands as a record of where I was and what I was thinking at the end of
2020 and how I had not yet realized the full extent of the theater
This is an account of the lab leak good guy narrative where drastic and other slu's have solved the mystery of their novel coronavirus
It even includes the bonus mythology of an effect
effective
Transfection technology. They can influence the evolution of the novel circulating RNA virus. I
Leave this document available for everyone so as not to hide my history, but instead to own it
Everyone that pushed the mystery of the novel coronavirus was whitting
Wittingly or unwittingly involved in enabling the murder of thousands if not millions of humans myself included
And I have changed the
That the videos down here to indicate
Oh, that's not
Did I not publish those? Oh, I did switch those I'll change them again
To make them a little bit more sarcastic in terms of what I was thinking and there's a couple videos down here
The one about measles I still need to look up. I think there's gonna we're gonna find
Some things are not as simple as there's no viruses at all measles is possibly one of those things
And I think that's going forward what I want to be most careful about is
not allowing anybody anyone to push us down this slippery slope of there's nothing anywhere of
Value and no observations at this size scale are of value we
the chances of that being true are pretty slim in my humble opinion, but I think this is already a pretty far and
And reaching
Sort of status of where I am it's I don't I don't know what I would call this, but I'm
it's a long time coming right because
it's really important for everybody to
Come to this place on their own and it's very different than coming to the place where
There just aren't any viruses and then stop because I would really like to hone in on the fact
that for
nearly three years now
they have been killing people and
the no virus people haven't given a darn about that haven't said anything about that and and I think
Whether all of them are
are necessarily
Culpable, I don't really think that's up to me to decide but I know from my own personal perspective
they did not help my friend Nathan in any way at all and
And I tried really hard to help Nathan I tried really hard to explain what what the
Transfections shouldn't be able to do can't do and are likely actually doing
I
Don't think he took me very seriously back in 2020. In fact, I would like to share that with you right now
Because it is a little moving I had a look at it and I was I was actually pretty moved
Why is my phone not working
Come on now, oh, I just unplugged it. That's why
I
Just want to show you this email that I got from
My friend Nate so
What I would like to say is
the the last time
Why can't I find it now?
I guess I got a look and just search
Oh
Wait what oh
No wait what oh
Wow that sucks is that really true no way
I
Can't believe it I should have did I did I oh my gosh
Darn it I
Didn't do it
Okay, so that's a little weird
apparently if
if somebody dies and
And they
Disconnected their iPhone
Then you lose all the messages with you and that person because all of my messages from Nathan are not on my phone anymore
Which is very bizarre
Hold on. Let me see if I can find him in my contacts
Oh
Here we go, okay, whoo, that's not what was weird. I could not get him back. Okay, here we go. I'm gonna go back
What I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go back to
2020 and they're not that many messages right because we were in touch but not really in touch
Um
The last time we got in touch actually was about the North Face logo because I was asking if I could use the North Face logo
Oh, that's 20, okay, here we go
So the reason why we got in touch
May and then okay, we got in touch about the North Face logo in May of 2020 because I was gonna make this this
North Face, let me go to the front. I was gonna make this North Face logo
That I have on my hat and that kind of thing and and then we had been going through
We had been going through
Chicago for
Christmas so since we had gotten back in 2016 we would go home to my parents in northern Wisconsin
Go through Chicago and spend the night there with some of my friends and it was just a blast. It was becoming this regular thing. I
Don't know if we stopped in 2016 because I think my parents came for that Christmas, but it could be wrong and then
and
then in 2017
But in 2019 they didn't want to
Yeah in 2019 we did it and then in 2020
December we didn't they didn't want to do it. My friends didn't want us to stay
They didn't think it was very cool that we were even asking if we could stop
And so I sent a message to Nate
Check this out. I sent a message to Nate
What do I got to do this
this sorry I
Sent a message to Nate that little light's gonna get in the way. I guess
Maybe I have to turn it off
There so I sent a message to Nate on December 4th 2020
So are you guys also blown out by COVID no visit over Christmas?
Just wondering as Amy won't see us unless we are vaccinated
So we won't be seeing her again. Ah the irony of losing my job because of this and now my friends to
Oh well someday of sweet apology or I'll be dead in prison. Let me know how you all doing hugs from Pittsburgh
Nate says I'm trying to sort this out. So just to confirm you're a staunch anti-vaxxer
Shoulder shrug and then you know the tooth smile thing and I said no
But that's a loaded term my kids have their shots and so does my dog
I don't do Facebook so I'm less misinformed about the biology I'd say but with regard to a vaccine from Gates
Software magnet. Yes staunch anti-billionaire products tonight's live stream will be a message to my friends in Chicago
I feel very bad for you all to be so terrorized your mayor are
And so I sent him a link to my live stream
He says his stepfather is currently grappling with COVID pneumonia. So terrorized would be an appropriate
characterization so his father stepfather in law is having about with
COVID pneumonia
What is COVID pneumonia, right? The COVID pneumonia is just it's just it's just pneumonia. I mean
whoops
so it's really
It's really kind of unfortunate if you think about where we are because I could have probably
Not saved him had I gone full no virus without
The subtleties that I have now and if I had the subtleties that I have now
Could I have saved him I don't know could I have convinced him that I was right? I don't know
But I I do know that that all these people telling this story about a virus killing millions of people all these people telling a story about a
Transfection working on some people
Or or that natural immunity is not good enough. I mean these people these worst case scenario people they they are responsible
Because they enabled the newscasts they enabled the blogs they enabled the facebook they enabled at all
I would like you
excuse me
I apologize for that. I
Would like you to watch this movie in your spare time. I'm not going to waste your time with it, but it is a
a david e Martin movie
where he
is giving a speech in
In switzerland and he gives basically the same cookie cutter speech that he gives in a lot of other places with the same
Slides
And the same basic spiel, but it's really quite slowly done and he does very specifically the
Infectious replication defective clones
And I think I've kind of figured out what he does. I think I kind of figured out what his shtick is. I'm not really sure i'm ready to fully
Rip into it anymore because I know people are getting a little bit tired of david e Martin
But I think his main shtick is is that he's very imprecise
about describing the
significance of the term infectious replication defective clone
Because what it suggests
And what the psychology
I think the game that he's playing here is what it suggests is is that
In order to make an infectious replication defective clone
You need to have
the infectious
clone
Right the one that is infectious and replication competent that can spread itself all over the world
And even though he doesn't explicitly say that even though he doesn't explicitly say that they made one of those
He also doesn't explicitly say that they can't make one of those
He doesn't say that RNA can't pandemic
He says that they have a patent for an infectious RNA defective clone
And that means they made a bioweapon
Well
Explain how the bioweapon works
Explain like jr. Giordano does
That you only need to put a few cases in a few places with a clone to allow a perfect sequencing reaction
And allow the simultaneous detection of the same virus in multiple places to give the illusion of a pandemic
If that's the kind of bioweapon you mean absolutely
But it's not a bioweapon that can spread around the world and he's very imprecise as he pretends to be very
precise about the biology
And you can see him do the same stick over and over again the talks are about an hour and 40 minutes long
They cover all the same slides that cover all the same spots. It's uncanny
It's almost become a holiday tradition
Temperatures go down decorations go up and so do covet cases for a look at the current state of affairs
Not just with covet but also with rsv and seasonal flu
We turn again to kaitlyn jennelina publisher of the popular newsletter your local epidemiologist
Caitlin, what is the situation right now with these three respiratory conditions or diseases and how does it compare to previous years?
Yeah, it's a good question
So
Unfortunately, we are in this mac middle of respiratory season and that means that rsv flu and covet 19 are exponentially increasing
Really across the nation right now. We hope that rsv may be peaking soon in the south
But uh, I would not be surprised if a lot of your family and friends are
Feeling a lot of different symptoms right now
The last time we talked it was just before the the federal health emergency ended
And the government was getting out of the business of buying the vaccines and distributing them
Has there been any any change or any effect of that change?
There's actually then a very dramatic effect particularly around vaccine disparities like you said the funding is gone
Um, which means campaigns education pop-up clinics partnerships incentives as they're all gone as well
And there's additional layer of barriers to access due to cost or just availability
For example, that's a lot of layers, right? I mean if you go back to just list them off again
It's like you said the funding is gone. Um, which means campaigns education pop-up clinics partnerships incentives as they're all gone as well
That's a lot and there's additional layer of barriers to access due to cost or just availability
For example, some local health clinics the vaccine costs more than they can afford or are willing to risk
Financially so for example the gap between latina x and white residents
Is more than twice what it was last year in coven 19 vaccination coverage
Same with african-american black residents same with residents of low income
So unfortunately we are seeing that the marketplace
Uh in our regular health care system regular public health system not during an emergency
Is really not fairly distributed to those who need it the most
Family friends and co-workers. This is the time of year. There are a lot of office parties a lot of people are traveling
They'll be gathering with their families
Uh for holiday celebrations
What advice do you have
For these people that they don't take away from these celebrations a case of covid or rsv or the flu
Yeah, I think the most important thing at least what i'm laser focused on is I don't want to miss that party
I do not want you to have disruptions because i'm sick
And so uh what i'm doing is i'm wearing a mask in very crowded areas like traveling for example
And then of course keeping up to date with those vaccines
Even though we are in the middle of respiratory season
It's still not too late to get your coven 19
Vaccine your flu vaccine or even your rsv vaccine if you're over 60
So there's a lot of measures we can put in place to maximize our fun for these holidays
And ensure that we minimize our sickness
We asked viewers what was on their mind what they wanted to know about and there's a lot about what we're talking about here
Canton north carolina asked does the booster shot cover all variants
Yeah, so the importance of this fall vaccine is that it is updated with xbb
Which is the newest variant that has been circulating around this fall
There are other variants coming
Yeah, this is yesterday
viruses do and we are
And day before maybe
But the latest data from the lab shows that you know this updated vaccine is still a great match
um particularly against severe disease and death a lot of interest about long covid
Prakash asked what are the latest statistics on long covid
Yeah long covid is certainly a thing there are millions of people suffering right now
And we are working very hard in public health to try to figure out the patterns and the treatments for it
Thankfully though that the risk of long covid is declining over time
Thanks to immunity. Thanks to vaccines
And thanks to also the virus just changing
Um on macron for example is less prevalent with long covid than delta was um a few years ago
So it is still a risk
And it is I think here to stay as long as the virus is here to stay and we need to figure out solutions for it
We also got a question about the rsv vaccine and its availability
Sylvia in pennsylvania asked when will the rsv vaccine be available for those under the age of 65
And for those who are young with chronic lung disease
That's a really great question. So right now the rsv vaccine is available for those over 60
Um as well as pregnant people we also have a monoclonal antibody, which is basically um
A shot of antibodies for very young kids the rest are
Done the pipeline but at least right now we know that the highest of highest risk for rsv
Are somewhat protected um through these prevention strategies
We were talking earlier about the price now that the government has gotten out of uh the business of buying and distributing
Uh the covid vaccine lisley in main asks if there's a program for free or reduced cost vaccine shots
For someone who is unemployed
So there is a unique and very new program by the federal government
It's called the bridge program and it's just for covid 19 vaccines
But it provides free shots this fall to under an uninsured people
And there's three places you can really kind of find these free shots is one health care providers
Two local health centers and three and probably most popular as pharmacies like cvs and walgreens
Um, but the really the best place to look where you can find this bridge program is at vaccines dot gov
Because partners participating in this program are
Caitlin jennelina thank you very much for that
Thanks for having me
You can read more
Okay, so now this is the other one that I thought was really funny. This is from the next day. So I think this one is from
Yesterday and the one I just showed you is from the day before but pbs news hour is watched by so many old people
so many old boomers
um
And so it's a really important
I really feel like it's one of the best ways to see what the
What the borg would like you to think or the the the system would like you to think
um in other words
if you would
look at the pbs news hour
and get
Exactly as riled up as they are about what they are riled up about
Did I just say that very silly?
Then then it would be perfect for the government
So if you got exactly
Interested in the things that they're interested in and exactly with the amount of vigor that they're interested in
You would be completely neutralized and a perfect voter
For for the status quo
So what are they gonna tell us about climate and health? This is gonna be good
For whether countries can or will meet their prior pledges to hold down global temperatures
If temperatures continue to climb the impact on human health could be profound
And some doctors say their profession is not prepared
William Branham has the story in collaboration with the global health reporting center with support from the Pulitzer Center
Pulitzer. Oh boy. He's on a chilly fall day in Cambridge, Massachusetts
The conversation here at harvard is about extreme heat
And how in south asia alone it kills tens of thousands of people every year
Water the water becomes so hot that they can't drink it
Dr. Sat sheet balsari is an ER doctor and co-director of the crisis ready initiative at harvard
He's part of a movement to get doctors focused on how climate change impacts human health and how to respond you're an emergency room physician
How is it that you are talking so much about climate change? I mean there is a direct impact on health
Heatwaves will lead to heat illness and heat exhaustion and heat stroke people present to the emergency room
When there are wildfires and there is smoke and there's more particulate matter in the air
And but there is also a persistent tale of morbidity and mortality that these extreme weather events are resulting in in this day and age
Even in the developed world the rickshapulurs are the first big team of temperature in case
Today he and his colleagues are working on a project to try and understand and hopefully mitigate
Some of the impacts of extreme heat in places where millions of the world's poorest people live and work
In india balsari's team partnered with the self-employed women's association a union that represents small scale independent workers
Who make up the vast bulk of india's population
By giving them tiny wearable temperature sensors
They found the women were often experiencing heat extremes well beyond what was officially recorded
So this is madu ben's house madu ben works from home. She's a weaver. I'll just show you a couple of graphs
This one for example
The green dots are the satellite observation. So that's nasa power data
But the gold shows the readings from the sensors in the women's homes
That's the range of lived experience between the temperature of our time
So that's nasa power data
But the gold shows
Thoughts are the satellite observation. So that's nasa power nasa, but the gold shows the readings from the senate
Answers in the women's homes and there is a 10 degree difference, but do you see what i'm seeing here?
range of lived experience i'm
i'm confused as to what that means is that when they're awake or
Or
Anyway, the satellite data
Is how it's matching up with the range of lived experience. I guess what's that's the temperature they record on their body versus what nasa
And so nasa is not accurately tracking their body temperature or something like that. I mean this is some
Are the satellite observation? So that's nasa power data
But the gold shows the readings from the sensors in the women's homes
And there is a 10 degree difference between the temperature outside and the temperature at home
So the cruder temperature data might tell you oh, it's actually not so bad because it's cooling at night
Yes, but when you actually look at what her lived experience is it's much more it has complete
it could also be that they've changed the the
Place where they're drawing the temperature from i thought i heard something about that that they used to draw it from
a certain
You know ground level and now they're doing it from somewhere else so all the temperatures went up somehow or they're used to do it above ground
And now they're doing it. It's something. I don't know whatever. It's just all nonsense
Any different ramifications right living and working in 45 degrees celsius
That's 113 degrees fahrenheit is more than unpleasant. It's dangerous
This is massive ramifications for workplace safety as well to be able to say that when it is
Only 40 degrees outside. We know that these kinds of workshops actually are at 45 or 48 degrees
This kind of fine grain data points to problems and solutions which are barely on people's radar now
If we had better information
I bet those people that worked in those places already knew that it was hotter inside than outside
Even before they got all these fancy thermometers. I bet you could have interviewed them
They all they would all say the same thing. Oh in there. Oh, it's hotter than hell
I bet they would have all said it in about local climates
You could change school timings for example there were a bunch of
But we would have never been able to figure that out without all these thermometers and satellites. I mean, oh my goodness
So great all this data
Of workers that we were working with who
Stopped going to school because it would get so hot in the afternoon
That their feet would burn when they would step on the asphalt and so they just stop going to school
and unless you're on the field studying this it wouldn't
really
occur to any of us that that
School dropouts is because you know, it's too hard to walk back from school
Trying to do better models using microclimate variation
While sari's partner in this work is dr. Caroline bucky a harvard professor variation
Walkback from school
Trying to do better models using microclimate variation
She's trying to do better models with microclimate variation. So it's the same fallacy that a lot of other modeling
Research lines fall into where they think that okay if I had just enough thermometers are all around the world
And I they were accurate enough in their measurements in real time
Then I could make an accurate model of the weather that could accurately predict the future
And the only reason why our models right now don't work is because we don't have enough data points from enough places
With enough fidelity in order to feed the model enough data for it to give us the good
prediction out
And so with climate they're going to do the same crap where they think well if we could just measure it better
We measure it more often in more places around the world than we would get a better idea of how exponentially it is
careening out of control
Because our models will show us
Anytime anyone at this stage starts out with we're going to study a natural phenomenon by making better models
You should already just say whoa, okay, that's not science. That's not science. That's not science. So just stop
But they're not going to stop because that's where all the money goes
That's where all these
Headlines can be made. That's how they generated the pandemic because they took
The mash casualty event of New York City. They put those numbers into a model and the model said
worst case scenario is coming
The slope of the deaths in New York indicate the worst case scenario is coming
And then a bunch of clowns on the internet all over the place started saying that oh my gosh the worst case scenario is coming
And a very very very large proportion of us were not sophisticated enough to see it
Not sophisticated enough to know or to know enough to know until it was too late
Until our family and friends have been bibed a whole year
of isolation and Brett Weinstein and PBS NewsHour
That's why my friend Annie Worshing is probably dead. That's why my friend Nate is probably dead
That's why lots and lots of people are probably dead because this narrative was seated on purpose on PBS NewsHour and in the back corners of the internet
And in our own social media circles
That unbeknownst to us probably assembled not spontaneously
But because they needed to
To control us to control our narratives to control us as people as outspoken
Leaders of a dissident movement everybody needed controlling and everybody that needed controlling met friends
Found an influencer a handler
You
Some of us just climbed higher on the hand on the handling ladder than others did
But in the end if you have been handled
And chances are you haven't come to the point where you've said that the no virus people are wrong and there's no virus
Very few people have gotten that far
Mark Gulak's gotten that far
Jessica Hawkins gotten that far Nick Hudson's gotten that far
Jonathan Engler's gotten that far, but not very many other people. I think Amad Malik's gotten that far
But not many or any other people really understand exactly how subtle and contradictory and incongruent
And deceptive
This narrative has been how many people have been lying behind each other's back about whether or not they know or talk to one another
How many fake rivalries have you been witnessed to
How many fake fights have you seen how many fake arguments on social media have you watched how many
How many times have you watched somebody leave a telegram group in a in a in a big drama or leave a social media group
Like a signal chat group in a sub big drama
How many times have you seen that happen and thought to yourself? Oh, wow, that means something when actually you were wrong
How many times have you seen two people fighting on twitter two people blocking each other on twitter and thing for sure
It must be something very significant instead of a
Two people doing an act
Maybe three people doing an act maybe two teams of 50 doing an act
That's what you need to start seeing now because that's what's happening if the pbs news hour is all holy and captured
encapsulated theater of the absurd
Then I assure you these people with these giant piles of weaponized money have taken to the streets
They have taken to social media
I
Don't think it would be very expensive at all from the perspective of their budget size to create a whole group of
Take a whole group of unemployed people and make them into something really powerful
Especially if your only goal was chaos
Fear uncertainty and doubt about a worst-case scenario
Get a few ringers
Let those ringers recruit a few people based on who you have to control
How many people did they need to control mike eden
Wolf gang woda
Sukhred bhakti
Bobby kennedy
A lot of people think Bobby kennedy was already long controlled a long time ago. Oh my goodness
So then who'd they really need to control?
Who really spoke out pure quarry nurse erin
Trump
Once you start to ask these questions and think about it there weren't very many
There weren't very many people that need you controlling at all
And that should stun you quite a bit actually
Because it should start to make you realize that even the control that you thought you saw the censorship that you thought you saw was all
a staged act
All of it
Alex baronson got to sue twitter
Now he's back out saying that the frame shift is actually a big deal. Come on
Come on
These people have been playing us for a long long long time
Coronavirus is all basically based on models
Models of how sure short sequences can be assembled into full genomes
While sorry's partner in this work is dr. Caroline bucky a harvard professor of epidemiology
A lot of the ways that we are conceiving of the issues of climate change are from large global models
Remote sensing data from satellites and things like this and the scale on which we're talking about
I don't understand how frame shift leads to ADE ADE is antibody dependent enhancement where the antibodies
That are made to a previous antigen are somehow beneficial to a future version
of the same antigen
So if you apply it to coronaviruses and you think that the cartoon of coronaviruses is real
How does it lead to ADE?
It leads to ADE, I guess because
non neutralizing antibodies for the spike protein now help the virus by
Leaving it in the open fear and cleavage site position. I mean it's it's ADE is part of their
It's part of their narrative. It's their way of explaining what happens when vaccination goes wrong
I'm not even really sure that ADE is a
Is a mechanism that we need to recognize in the way that they want us to recognize it should we investigate
The idea that there could be pathological antibodies absolutely
absolutely we should
And I would be willing to bet that if we did that in earnest and with an objectivity that mattered
We would actually reach the conclusion that in vaccination
Many of the antibodies we make are useless many of them have the potential to be
disease enhancing and most of them are ridiculous
Because of the way that we stimulate our immune system and where are we stimulated
But
Let's be precise here and make sure that we're not always jumping back to their cartoon mythologies always jumping back to their
Immuno mythology models of how things work ADE is their model of what happens when vaccination goes wrong
We need to revisit it
because the mechanisms that are portrayed in it are portrayed in such a way as to
make vaccination still a viable
A viable goal
as a as a therapeutic and as a a methodology to optimize and it's not
There are human-scale data to understand the impacts of climate change getting better data is critical
Knowing who is most affected could trigger insurance payments
Disaster declarations and more it doesn't need to be weirder proteins though
You see if you what you need to realize I think consider not realize but consider
Is that if the original narrative that was told to us for how many years three
Three years by Walter chestnut and kevin mccain and charles ricksey and
Um stephanie sineff and all these other people who told us that the spike protein is toxic and it had all these very special
Mimicking sequences on it that are overlapping with human
Human genes and if all of these things are true about the spike protein then a frame shift mutation will inevitably reduce that homology
There's no way that an engineered protein that's designed to have all this stuff and it like luke montanier said
It was designed by a clock maker
Don't forget that right I believe it's much more likely. It's a lab leak. It was made like a clock by a watchmaker
So if you do a frame shift mutation on that it doesn't become a better watch
It doesn't become a more dangerous toxin. It doesn't get closer to mimicking human proteins. Don't be ridiculous. You must know that
It will become a nonsense protein
It will not become more immunogenic if it's designed that's like saying, okay, this is a beautiful book
It's like the best book ever and i've got all the chapters in exactly the right order
Now we're going to shift all the words by one letter and it's still going to read just fine
Come on
This was a known
Consequence of transfection a known consequence of the chemical alteration of the RNA
But let's think logically about the biology that we're supposed to be that's supposed to be at play here
The only way frame shift mutation on this antigen is going to cause problems that aren't worse
That are worse than the transfection itself
Is
If the frame mutation makes it a more antigenic protein and that's just not very likely if this what everybody's been telling us
Since the beginning of the pandemic every single one of these suckers has been saying that luke montagney
Said that this is a design like a watchmaker with all these special things in it like from hiv
and all these, you know
Super antigens
Then if you frame shift the super antigen it doesn't become a super duper antigen it becomes nonsense
They know how it's frame shifting they can see it they can predict all the outcomes what what what
It's not a surprise that this happens. It's not a surprise. It's an additional randomness. It's not good
It's not great for anybody that's been transfected, but let's make one thing absolutely certain
You can't make fun of the Nobel Prize
Make fun of the people who got the Nobel Prize
And say well, it's the n-methyl pseudo uridine that was a big mistake. Wow, I guess we shouldn't have hyped that
I guess if we go back to just codon optimizing and you know, there's going to be a little more immune response
Maybe that'll be okay. Maybe we can come up with some other solution besides that that will that will be read through the ribosomes better
Maybe we can fix it
That's where this goes
They knew they knew this
They knew it would happen. There's no question. They knew it would happen
And so the only deal is is that they're slow rolling this out
if anything you should take credit we should take credit for it because
the only
People are people following us that are listing the whole list
The whole list, you know, not not some of the list, but the whole list
The whole list of all the things that can go wrong in the
The
Whole list where is that? Do I have the whole list here?
Darn it. My computer's running slow again
It's very angry at me. I don't know what's wrong. I think it's because
There's a bug on the computer from the NSA or something like that when they
Yeah, they don't like me streaming right now is my am my timing is still okay though
I
Think that that's really the way you need to realize that they are been fooling us fooling us fooling us
And they're going to keep fooling us as long as they can
And they're this is the list that they're they're we're just not going to ever have anybody else assemble this list
They're not going to assemble it
Because they don't want you to think about this whole list because the whole list starts with
Transfection is wholly inappropriate for healthy humans and then all the other reasons why
They're slow rolling this list out because we made this list
And I'm happy to give credit to Kevin McCurnan for helping me make this list
But he's not making this list anymore. He's not listing this list anymore
He's focused very much on two things here
And not very well
And not very
Whole focused or wholeheartedly
While having spent almost a half a year trying to burn me inside and out of chd. It's very strange
Sending emails complaining
Sending tweets complaining blocking me and then still tweeting about me
And
He did spend a better part of a year trying to I guess convince me of certain things
that he was the master of
Of sequencing reactions and the authority on the dissonance side for all the molecular things to the point where I just didn't know what I was
Talking about with clones and that clones were the same as natural viruses because
They both have error rates
Cooley doesn't know what he's talking about
Nanopore nanopore
I
We are at the precipice of this damn breaking
That's why I don't really have a good organized show tonight because I'm not really sure where to push because I know it's just all
Gonna collapse and I kind of don't want to be in front of it
And I think that was part of the whole idea of the book
Was to have me kind of in front of the dam while it went
But I'm not standing in front of the dam
I
Told everybody from the very very beginning
The book was written before I started I tried to put my biology in it and the biology that I put in it is in it
I'm not going to go back to this physician's climate change stuff anymore. Am I
For balsari
Hurricane Maria the storm which devastated Puerto Rico in we know what they're going to say
Um, we know what they're going to talk about. We know what they're going to say
It's the same stuff
um
I'm not sure how to get us out of this other than to keep pushing hard on the the core of
the goof ballery
And I do think the core of the goof ballery is this right here
um
I do really think that the core of the goof ballery is right here
and
This
Graph you can see deaths behind my head at 5000 per week
in blue you can see
the
The deaths due to pneumonia in the yellow you can see the identified deaths due to influenza and in red you can see the
purported covid deaths
And the idea is is that these excess deaths
above the
Basically the blue repeated pattern from 2014
Is the this repeated pattern here
the excess from it is
the covid mystery virus
And of course we know the reason why this is not true is because
Although they showed us this all the time on pbs news hour. It actually they should have shown this
and
They should have done all of the math to subtract all of the things that contributed to these excess deaths that had nothing to do
with the super deadly novel virus
But they didn't do that and they're still not doing that
Three and a half four years were almost into the fifth year and they are not doing this
Only a handful of people on the internet are doing this
Everybody else is exquisitely ignoring it talking about super prions
Not talking about restoring strict liability to these products not talking about
Specific ways to solve the problem like challenging the the seventh amendment violation of our rights none of these things are discussed
By anyone on our side with any real vigor
To the average person it just needs to hear that you know what we need to do
We need to restore strict liability to the vaccines on the childhood schedule and this problem will go away
What do you mean by that Earl
Well, you better ask your smart lawyer friend that because I heard somebody on the news say we just need to restore strict liability
And I think that Kennedy guy's pretty smart. Wouldn't that be brilliant
You
There's zero epidemiological evidence of spread now that we know this why doesn't somebody say it
They all had a big gathering. They all got to meet him in person in Romania
They flew him all the way around the world. They flew all those people all the way around the world
His talk made enough impression on Robert Malone that Robert Malone did a tweet and a sub stack about it
And never once mentioned that there was no epidemiological evidence of spread across borders anywhere in their data set
And that they had a data set for counties in the United States didn't even set anybody on fire
Nobody's tweeting about it. Jessica Rose took a selfie with him and wrote a sub stack about the breakfast
And
She's preparing a sub stack about the frame shift mutation and I'm sure
Mutations and I'm sure it's going to be terrifying
But there's no sub stack about zero epidemiological evidence of spread
There's no sub stack about the long list of reasons why the mystery virus is not equal to excess deaths
But
I'm glad to hear that the hotel breakfast was great
The projected Medicare costs in the coming years after 2020 and 21 have almost been completely avoided
The Medicare costs that all kinds of different government agencies were
Complaining about that it costs $500,000 to keep one of these old people alive on Medicare for half a year
That these costs were going to balloon in the coming years. It might even bankrupt the United States
They were talking about that as late as 1995
How convenient that they found a new way to get all these people that are costing a lot of money on Medicare to be
Ventilated out
And how curious it is that so many people in this excess death group died and are on Medicaid
I wonder how much Jessica Hockett has looked into that
I bet she could if she could get any death certificates and any data on who these
20,000 plus people that died at the beginning of this event this mass casualty event in New York City
I bet she could find out that a lot of them were on Medicare
And that perhaps years of medical costs were avoided having these people accidentally get COVID
Where are all the sleuths on these numbers? Where are all the sleuths finding out about these numbers in America and about what
costs were avoided
How come all the sleuths are going into the exobiology of super pre-owned zoonosis
But nobody cares about
How we lied to create the illusion
Nobody cares to find out the extent of the lies
Everybody is just annoyed
That we've come to the point where
We're almost no virus people except curiously. I'm not gonna I don't think I'm gonna get a phone call anytime soon
Like with my with my no virus hat and my jacket
I'm sure I'm still not doing something right
Or I'm sure that my name inside of the cover of that book will be sufficient to disqualify me from ever
and being able to be
Accepted as a fellow dissident against this nonsense
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the best chance we've got
Of bringing significant change to our world
Is to try and just be honest about what happened be honest about how naive we were be honest about how taken we were
And i'll be the first to admit it. I didn't learn this fast enough in order to save my friends
I didn't figure it out fast enough in order to save my friends
And I blame a lot of these people because they confused me
on signal chats
They confused me in telegram groups. They confused me in discord chats
They confused me with private messages. They confused me in slack groups
And I think a lot of them did it on purpose because I was one of these people that needed controlling
Couldn't be bought
Couldn't give me to cheat
Couldn't give me to lie
So
So you had to lie to me
with multiple people
Lying about each other
Lying about knowing each other to try and fool me into trusting one of them
In order to influence my thinking in order to delay
my pronouncements in order to delay my
eventual realization
That there was never any real virus in circulation
That it was all an elaborate hoax to get people to solve the mystery and think they were winning
And I got taken by it hook line and sinker
Cottrell mccairn
Rixie drastic
All of these people hook line and sinker
And i'm sure there are still people now who are fooling me
I don't doubt it
And so I go into every day assuming that there are going to be lies told right to my face over zoom right to my ear through my phone
Right to my eyes in the text
Every day i'm lied to
Every day you are lied to
And the moment you get tired and you decide it's all over the lie will become the truth
The moment that you get tired and decide that it's not worth trying to explain to your kids the lie becomes the truth
The moment that you decide that you can't you don't have the balls to go home to a funeral and stand up for this
The lie becomes the truth
And yeah, I don't know where I stand anymore. I'm a little bit
I
I'm a little bit broken from this past weekend. I don't know if I missed an opportunity
If I did the right thing
But i've definitely come to the realization that i'm part of this
I made the mistake of listening to people who said that there might be a billion people dead that this might be a bioweapon
That I might not know
Enough about immunology to know that we're going to be okay. I had doubts because of these people
I
Because they were good at their job
Because the social media was good at fooling
Because they were riding in the car with me and lying to my face
In coordination with each other. That's how they did this
Oh boy
I think I'm gonna I'm gonna skip this part. I've been putting together a new
Slide deck, but I don't think it's ready to roll out. And so I'm just gonna keep doing study halls
And keep assembling the slide deck. We've got a few things planned for the holidays
Lots of stuff coming
I'm gonna try and be on most nights again. I had to take the weekend off though. I was I was pretty
exhausted emotionally and
I
Was pretty exhausted emotionally and both of my sons had a lot of basketball
And I just I couldn't push the button
And tonight I didn't really have a plan
And so you know the the pbs news hour was kind of a impromptu thing
So I apologize for that also. I'm usually a little bit more organized than this
so
I think I'll just leave it there and I will promise to see you tomorrow
I have so many things that I want to get done this week for my regular day job
And uh, I have some
Wonderful
Family changes coming for the holidays. We have some visitors and stuff. So there's going to be a lot of joy in the house
So I think there's going to be a lot of
Energy and possibility for me to share that energy with you guys. So I hope that
Um
December is going to be a really fun month for us
Into january and that we're going to really be able to end
2023 on an extremely positive note a series of really positive streams
um
uh a couple star trek streams, I think and also um enter 2020
for
On a very positive note as we push the ball forward
So many people are using our lingo
Taking our
Our ideas and running with them in different directions to try and distract people from their impact
And I don't think we really need to worry about it because what they're really doing is
Plugging holes in a dam that's beyond repair
And so all we need to do is just keep tapping and keep tapping and keep tapping and eventually it's going to happen
And the warm waters will flood over us all
The warm waters of the truth, which I'm really excited about
Um, and I'm really happy that a lot of you have been here for so long with me
Supporting my work
It's just been really cool. And I feel really good about where we're going and uh
And and how we're going to get there together. So thanks very much
Um, stop all transfections and humans
Don't let them eliminate the control group. They really did try
Um
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
Transfection helping humans is criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned integrity
When I get that slide deck done, we're going to make it the first one available
I guess it'll probably be done on thursday and we'll be able to vote for it together
um
It's basically a slide deck that will reflect what I tried to do with the doctors for covid ethics a few days ago
with some better graphics with regard to
the clones
You might remember we had a graphic that looked something like this
And it was better because you could see the the whole flow of everything just a wee bit better
And if it was told right it would flow better
So I'm trying to get these all assembled in the slide deck that we can use and you can use
Because I haven't loaded up on in a while, but anyway, thank you very much for joining me
And I will see you again tomorrow night. Thank you
You
Good to see everybody tonight. Good night Pamela